Dear
Teacher, I wish that our Dharma group,
especially the male practitioners, would have more young Buddhists and
diligent male practitioners. I hope you can
guide us on how to encourage
more young Buddhists and
lay Buddhists to join our group. Thank you for your
guidance.
This is also the wish
of all Dharma group leaders, is
n't it? It's simple.
Firstly, we must
practice the Six Harmonies ourselves. The Six Harmonies will bring about a
large community, great work,
great success, and more fulfillment of desires.
This is the merit of the Six Harmonies and the practice of
mindfulness. As the leader of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, I also practice the Six Harmonies, which is why we
have so many fellow practitioners here. If we want
more young people,
we must practice the Six Harmonies
diligently, respecting the opinions of
others and not letting our ego get in the way. In
all matters, we should discuss and follow the
Six Harmonies.
Therefore, if we want the Dharma group to
develop and have many
positive contributors, it will lead to the Buddha's teachings.  For
development to occur, leaders and the
management board must practice the Six Harmonies well. That's
the cause, and this is the effect. With mindful contemplation, one
thinks that many people
desire this but don't know how to achieve it.
What about those who don't practice the Six Harmonies? Firstly, they
develop according to wrong
views. Those with wrong views are very numerous,
for example, those who beg and plead.
That's called the cause. They attract
many karmic influences, so there are
many people. Those who develop wrong
views are very numerous. Therefore, those who follow
Buddhism and practice correctly are few,
but those with wrong views are many. For example,
just one greedy thought arises. For instance,
if a fellow practitioner says, "
I can recite the Buddha's name so that those who have
died can go to the Western Paradise," then
many people will follow. It's all greedy
people coming
together, so there are many. But the truth is, it's not
like that. To go to the Western
Paradise, the person themselves
must purify their three karmic actions.
No one else can
purify the three karmic actions.  Others can be
expected to reach the Pure Land,
right, dear fellow practitioners? Now, I challenge you
to purify your own minds. Even your own mind is
n't pure yet; it's still very
tiring. Have you
discovered your own mind? It's
not pure. Why can you say you
can take others to the Western Paradise? You can't just
take others to the Western Paradise; you can't purify
their three karmic actions.
How can you, by reciting Buddha's name, purify
others' three karmic actions? Right,
dear fellow practitioners, you
have to practice very hard; it's still not
pure yet, right?
Therefore, if we harbor evil thoughts, greedy
people will come and follow us. There are so
many of them, dear fellow
practitioners. But we shouldn't follow
that path. We must practice
according to the Six Harmonious Principles so that
many people with right views and
cultivation will come to us. We must
have precepts and right views; that's how important it is,
dear fellow practitioners, do you understand?
[Music]
[Applause]
K
[music]